And here we go for the final step of this environment Python implementation we have to finish this by
making a method that gives us at any time the current state the last word and whether the game is over.
And I was so dying to go to the next step you know implementing this artificial brain that I found the
most efficient way to finish that method.
You're going to see it will be was just one copy based and one small replacement.
Let's do this.
So we're going to call that method the observe method that is only going to take itself as the argument
because we actually only need the values of the variables of our object which contain the current state
the last word and whether the game is over.
So no need for any other argument.
Now it's at Coulon and that's where my efficiency comes into play in order to get the actual state the
last reward obtained and whether the game is over.
The only thing that we have to do is just copy paste all this because indeed this will give us the current
scaled state.
And of course we want the scale state because we will use this observe method at some point because
our artificial brain will need it.
So we just have to copy and paste this.
But then remember I told you about a little replacement here just to make everything clear.
We're actually not observing the next day but the current state.
And that's it.
And so now we are ready to return the final outcomes of this observed method because indeed what we
want is a observed method to return is the current state then the reward which is a variable of all
objects itself that we word and whether the game is over which is given by another variable or object
which is self.
That game over.
And here we go.
Finally we did it.
We're done.
We're now done with this huge environment implementation so I'm going to save.
And now we are ready for the second.
Very exciting big step.
Our general AI framework which is to build the artificial brain of our AI.
So we'll do that in the next couple of tutorials.
I can't wait to create that with you.
And until then enjoy AI.